Homepage

1)
When I write (localhost:3000) scrumtracker homepage
I see "Welcome to not Jira"
And I see [Home, Projects, Registration, Login, Logout] elements

2)
Given that I'm on scrumtracker homepage
When I click on Registration button
I see registration fields to fill and a submit button

3)
Given that I'm on scrumtracker homepage
When I click on Login button
I see login fields to fill and a submit button

4)
Given that I'm on scrumtracker homepage
When I click on Projects button
I see "create a new project" fields to fill and "Create project" button


Registration page

5)
Given I've clicked on Registration button
And registration fields can be seen
When I enter username and password and click on submit button
Then pop-up window shows registration success.

6)
Given that I'm registered
When I click on pop-up submit button
Then I see "Welcome to Jira".

7)
Given I've clicked on Registration button
And registration fields can be seen
When I leave all fields blank and click on submit button
Then pop-up shows that registration failed.

8)
Given I've clicked on Registration button
And registration fields can be seen
When I fill fields with already existing account data
Then pop-up shows that registration failed.


Login page

9)
Given that I'm on scrumtracker homepage
And clicked on Login button
When I enter valid username and valid password
Then I see "Welcome to Jira"
And I can create new project.

10)
Given that I'm on scrumtracker homepage
And clicked on Login button
When I enter invalid username and/or invalid password
Then pop-up shows that login failed.

11)
Given that I have previous projects saved
When I log in
And I click on Projects button
Then I can see a list of my projects.

Logout

12)
Given that I'm logged in
When I click on Logout button
Then a pop-up window shows that logout was succesful.

Projects

13)
Given that I'm not logged in
And I write in the "create new project" field and click on "create project" button
I'm not able to create new project

14)
Given that I'm logged in and I'm on the Projects page
When I click on the project name
I can see my project details on a different page

15)
Given that I'm logged in and I'm on the Projects page
When I fill in the "Create Project" field with less than three character
Then a pop-up shows that I have to write at least three letters to create a project.

16)
Given that I'm logged in
And I write in the "create new project" field and click on "create project" button
I can see my new project

Unique projects page

17)
Given that I've just created a new project
When I click on the newly created project
Then the page of this project shows up
And I can see three statuses: To Do; In Progress; Done

18)
Given that I'm on my unique project page
When I fill in the "Add new status" field and click on submit (+) button
I can see the new status on the page.

19)
Given that I'm on my unique project page
When I fill in the "Add new task" field and click on submit (+) button
I can see the new task in the first container on the page.

20)
Given that I'm on my unique project page
When I fill in the "Add new status" field with less than three character and click on submit (+) button
Then a pop-up shows that I have to write more the three letters to create a new status.

21)
Given that I'm on my unique project page
When I fill in the "Add new task" field with less than three character and click on submit (+) button
Then a pop-up shows that I have to write more the three letters to create a new task.

22)
Given that I've created a new task
When I click on the Edit task button
Then I can see a pop-up window with possibilities to edit the task.

23)
Given that I clicked on the edit task button
When I fill the inputs and click on the ok button
Then I can change and save a new title, description and business value.

24)
Given that I clicked on the edit task button
When I fill the inputs and click on the cancel button
Then the changes are not saved.

25)
Given that I have a task
When I drag the task from one status to an other
Then the aforementioned task would be in the new container.

26)
Given that I have a task
When I click on the task delete button
Then the task is deleted.

27)
Given that I'm on my unique project page
When I click on the status delete button
Then status is deleted.

28)
Given that I'm on the unique project page
And I click on the invite participant button
Then I can see a pop-up window with possibilities to add new participants
And see the already added ones.

29)
Given that I've clicked on the invite participant button
When I fill in the input and click on the add participant button
Then the invited participant's name in seen.

Questions:
Can we have more than one project with the same name?
Can we have more than one status with the same name?
Can we have more than one task with the same name?
=> yes -> testcases for this
=> no -> testcases for this








